
Job Title: Engineering Systems Analyst
Location: Dorking
Job Description: Engineering Systems Analyst Dorking Surrey Salary ****K Our client is located in Dorking, Surrey and are looking for Engineering Systems Analyst our client provides specialist software development Keywords Mathematical Modelling, Risk Analysis, System Modelling, Optimisation, MISER, PIONEEER Engineering Systems Analyst Dorking Surrey Salary ****K

Job Title: Engineering Systems Analyst Mathematical Modeller
Location: Surrey
Job Description: Engineering Systems Analyst / Mathematical Modeller. Our client is a highly successful and respected Consultancy providing specialist software development MISER, PIONEER, Maths, Mathematical, Optimisation, Risk Analysis, Asset Management, Water Industry, Access, Excel, VBA, SQL, Systems . Engineering Systems Analyst / Mathematical Modeller. Salary  ****K****K negotiable Location Dorking, Surrey

Job Title: Pioneer Miser Engineering Systems Analyst
Location: Surrey
Job Description: Pioneer, Miser  Engineering Systems Analyst Dorking  Surrey Salary ****K Located in Surrey, our client provides specialist software development Pioneer, Miser  Engineering Systems Analyst Dorking  Surrey Salary ****K

Job Title: Engineering Systems Analyst Water Industry
Location: Dorking
Job Description: Engineering Systems Analyst Water Industry Location: Dorking Surrey Salary: **** to **** Located in Surrey, our client provides specialist software development Systems Analysis and Software Engineering. The projects cover a wide variety of topics typically working in small teams. Our client can offer you Intellectually challenging work undertaken within a supportive environment where personal development is nurtured and rewarded. This role will be working within a small team working on the modelling of water industry asset deterioration and asset failure consequences, including the uploading of these models onto industryleading optimal asset management software Strong maths, stats and IT skills needed, Any previous experience within the Water industry would be an advantage. Candidate requirements Candidates should have a good honours degree in a numerate discipline i.e. Engineering; Mathematics; Science; Computing Software. Candidates need to be highly qualified within Physics, Mathematics or Engineering discipline ideally First Class Degree, or **** PhD or Masters, MEng. Candidates should ideally should have a background in Technical Consultancy; Systems Analysis; Software Engineering or a Graduate level looking to develop their career. Any experience of Pioneer or Miser software would be an advantage. Key areas: Mathematical modelling, leakage management, optimisation. risk analysis. Physics, Mathematics, Engineering Engineering; Mathematics; Science; Computing Software Pioneer or Miser Engineering Systems Analyst Water Industry Location: Dorking, Surrey Salary **** to ****

Job Title: Senior Subsea Pipeline Integrity Engineer
Location: UK
Job Description: A globally renowned engineering and training company in the Oil Develop and manage both internal and external inspection plans and plan remedial and preventative maintenance work Implement, apply and update pipeline databases and spreadsheets and assist operators with projects, including project management, assurance support and procedure reviews Handle consulting, problem solving, risk assessments and presentations Be responsible for technical representation offshore Prepare proposals and tenders for clients and write reports and specifications. You will offer analysis using various types of software such as MathCAD, ABAQUS, Olga or Orcaflex. You will also present the company s technical courses and handle project management and sales and customer relationship management. For this role, you must have a minimum of 10 years experience in subsea engineering, pipelines design or construction. Background in controls, corrosion, decommissioning or structures would be an advantage. A degree in Engineering, Aeronautics, Naval Architecture, Maths, or Physics, preferably with honours is essential for this role. A full clean driving license is also required. If you are a Subsea Engineering professional with excellent design construction skills and exposure to the Oil & Gas Subsea Engineering industry, we would love to hear from you. Send in your CV now

Job Title: RECRUITMENT CONSULTANT CONSTRUCTION TECHNICAL TRADES LABOUR
Location: Leeds
Job Description: This is an exceptional opportunity to join a construction / technical agency that hasn t shrunk in the current market one bit Our client is seeking a nononsense and highly skilled Recruiter with at least a couple of years experience under their belt. They specialise in placing highcalibre candidates both in the UK and worldwide, within blue and white collar on both a temp and perm basis. You will have a genuine servicefocus but not definately not be afraid to pick up the phone and develop new business, acting on leads and referrals like any professional should. Your matching skills should be excellent and your CVInterviewPlacement ratios should be impressive. The incentives and benefits here are excellent with the real opportunity to earn an aboveaverage basic salary and competitive commission package: Basic to ****k  car allowan Bonus to 22.5%(OTE ****k) Car Alloowance . Additional quarterly and annual bonuses Sensible & Supportive atmosphere If you are looking to join a serious competitor in the marketplace who take a genuine interest in their people contact Donna Turner now, and please have your billing figures to hand Code Blue Recruitment handle nearly **** LIVE VACANCIES, for all sectors and levels of the Recruitment industry across the whole of the UK . Positions include Junior and Trainee Consultants, Recruitment and Senior Recruitment Consultants, Team Leaders, Account Managers, Branch Managers, Sales Managers & Directors. Sectors covered include Professional Recruitment such as Finance, Accountancy & Banking, Legal & HR, Commercial markets such as Office Support, Industrial, Driving, Hospitality & Catering, the Public Sector including Medical, Care, Education, Technical markets such as I.T., Telecoms, Media, Construction, Engineering, Energy & Environment, and Pharmaceutical, as well as diverse areas such as Sales Recruitment, Search, and Supply Chain

Job Title: PROJECT ENGINEER PHARMACEUTICAL
Location: Witney
Job Description: PROJECT ENGINEER PHAMACEUTICAL, c****  Excellent Benefits, Oxfordshire ****/****/mg PROJECT ENGINEER : JOB ROLE: Responsible for execution of Continuous improvement and compliance projects. Responsible too for subprojects related to introduction of new products and processes in order to meet strategic business plans.The position is jointly responsible fo reporting of designated capital and expenses (actual Vs. Plan) associated with implementation of new process equipment or modifications to Existing process equipment. PROJECT ENGINEER: KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: Manage project tasks & deliverables within agreed time, cost, quality Responsbile for process equipment validation, material validation, remediation activity Maintain effectiveness of Quality System in accordance with corporate requirements Effective liaison with Engineering functions, external suppliers and regulatory bodies PROJECT ENGINEER: SKILLS, EXPERIENCE, QUALIFICATION: Proven problem solving skills to quickly implement process improvements Understanding of technical drawings, dealing with suppliers and subcontractors Experience of Project Engineering Project Management within regulated manufacturing Working knowledge of quality regulatory systems BSc HNC with related experience

Job Title: Chef de Partie Award Winning Restaurant Excellent Tips
Location: Derby
Job Description: A well respected restaurant located in the Derby area has a Chef de Partie role available Role: A Chef de Partie who is passionate about working with all fresh produce to a high standard is required to join the brigade of chefs at an award winning restaurant.The restaurant serves **** covers at lunch with a set menu and up to **** covers in the evening for the a la carte menu, as Chef de Partie you will be expected to run a section once fully trained keeping your work space clean and tidy at all times. Requirements: All Chef de Parties applying for this role should already have fresh food experience at this level with the ability to manage a busy section.This role can offer the right candidate excellent opportunities to progress within the team. Benefits Include: Uniform Provided Meals on Duty Excellent Tips – Paid Monthly Excellent Opportunities To Progress If you are interested in this position or would like information on the other positions we are recruiting for or any temporary assignments please send your CV by clicking on the 'apply now' button below and our consultant Tony Papa will do his utmost to assist you in your search for employment. In line with the requirements of the Asylum Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Documented evidence of the eligibility will be required from candidates as part of the recruitment process. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com ChefdePartieAwardWinningRestaurantExcellentTips

Job Title: Quality Engineer
Location: Gateshead
Job Description: Our client are a leading supplier of precision machined, high integrity components, integrated kits of parts and complete mechanical assemblies. Due to an large increase in workload they are recruiting a Quality Engineer Reporting to the Quality Manager, the successful individual will be responsible for providing documentation to fulfil our customers quality assurance requirements on specific contracts, whilst maintaining a system of storage and retrieval for documentation. The role will also support the internal audit schedule, performing audits as required. Responsibilities include: Documentation Checking all vendor supplied documentation to ensure it complies with the requirements or Express s customer specifications. Produce accurate, legible documentation packs, in accordance with customer requirements. Quality Systems Maintain system of storage and retrieval of all associated QA documentation in accordance with ISO9001:**** Certification Ensure certificates of conformance are checked, in accordance with the C of C matrix and any applicable concessions are referenced Material Certification Verify and approve certification on receipt for conformance to customer requirements and resolve discrepancies with suppliers Non conformance Raise and submit supplier reject reports and concessions. Store all responses received in relevant databases. Internal Auditing Carry out internal audits as and when required in line with the internal audit schedule. Identify and report all nonconformances within Quality Management System, and assist in corrective actions to close them out Supplier Rejects Ensure corrective action is received for supplier rejects submitted to key suppliers The Individual: Has experience within the quality department of a related company in a similar role Ideally from a mechanical or manufacturing engineering background. Ideally be familiar with the range of processes involved in the markets of Oil Must have good communication and organisational skills Has the ability to work as part of a team or as an individual. Has the ability to be customer facing and discuss technical / quality issues with vendors and customers

Job Title: Principal Controls Engineer
Location: Kent
Job Description: A leading Subsea Engineering Company require a driven and highlyskilled Principal Controls Engineer who will provide technical work on all of the company s controlsrelated concerns and in charge of generating interest from potential clients. As a Principal Controls Engineer, you will be in charge of organising and ensuring engineering calculations, do reports, review designs, give technical assistance to all problems related to cable engineering and come up with methods for cable modelling. The successful candidate will have at least 15 years of Subsea Controls Engineering experience in the Oil and Gas industry. Preferably, you must have a degree in Engineering and a background in Subsea design, construction, installation, operation, or decommissioning and have covered almost all related Subsea Production Systems. This is a brilliant role which includes a very competitive salary package with flexible work hours to the most qualified candidates

Job Title: Chef de Partie Award Winning Dining Live In Share of Tips
Location: UK
Job Description: A popular hotel located in Norfolk which is a very busy operation has a position available for a Chef de Partie Role: A Chef de Partie capable of coping well under pressure is required to join the kitchen team at a hotel that has an excellent reputation for offering high quality dining to its guests and has gained accreditations in the main restaurant.The busy Brasserie style restaurant regularly serves **** covers for lunch and dinner so this Chef de Partie role will require you to be organised on your section ensuring all prep is complete to the standards expected by the Head Chef before each service. Requirements: All Chef de Parties applying for this role must have a strong background with highlights previous AA Rosette experience in a high volume operation.A candidate who is self motivated and capable of working well in a busy team of chefs would be ideal for this role. Benefits Include: Uniform Provided Meals on Duty Accommodation Available Share of Tips – IRO **** Per Month Excellent Opportunities To Progress If you are interested in this position or would like information on the other positions we are recruiting for or any temporary assignments please send your CV by clicking on the 'apply now' button below and our consultant Sean Bosley will do his utmost to assist you in your search for employment. In line with the requirements of the Asylum Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK. Documented evidence of the eligibility will be required from candidates as part of the recruitment process. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com ChefdePartieAwardWinningDiningLiveInShareofTips

Job Title: Senior Fatigue and Damage Tolerance Engineer
Location: Avon
Job Description: Senior Fatigue Static stress (metallic or composite) Finite element analysis. Senior Fatigue Aerospace  ****K****K (dep on exp)  benefits package Bristol, Avon

Job Title: C I Design Engineer
Location: Wolverhampton
Job Description: We are currently recruiting on behalf of our client who have an exciting opportunity available for a CE Produce CE Control Panel designs  Genera Arrangements, Detail drawings, Schematics Diagrams, Interlock Diagrams for typically PLC Specification of hardware and production of parts list. Manufacturing specification. Ensure Company policies and procedures are being applied across the projects. Manage the interface between CE Communicate at all levels with both internal and external customers to meet their expectations while meeting the project budget and programme constraints. Support the Lead Engineer in the delivery of scope to budget and programme. Provide technical expertise to tenders as and when required. Provide input to the development of the CE&l function and resource

Job Title: Lead Engineers Stress
Location: UK
Job Description: Lead Engineers (Stress) Our client provide high end technical and project management services to the prime aerospace companies. Our client are now seeking a Aerospace Senior Stress Engineers to join their growing Aerospace structures teams in Bristol This position of Aerospace Stress Engineer is ideally suited to high calibre engineering graduates with significant and appropriate post graduate experience. You will be expected to take full ownership of technical tasks and to lead others in their execution. Candidates will ideally be degree qualified (min ****:****) or equivalent, and have experience of the technical leadership of projects to time, quality and cost objectives. Aerospace industry experience is an advantage however the calibre of the applicant is more important therefore applicants with Structural Analysis experience from any domain are welcomed. A demonstrable track record in one or more of the following technical disciplines: Fatigue and damage tolerance Static stress analysis (metallic or composite) Finite element analysis. Candidates must also be able to demonstrate: Technical awareness in the field of aerospace structures Effective client management and communication skills Project team leadership Commercial awareness Adaptability Innovative thinking You will need to show a willingness to work outside normal office hours on occasions and flexibility for working from the office, home and clients premises. Ideally you will also: Be pursuing Chartership through the IMechE or RAeS Lead Engineers (Stress) Location: Bristol Salary **** to ****

Job Title: Relief Chef de Partie Croydon Surrey Live in
Location: UK
Job Description:  HOTEL AND CONFERENCE VENUE CHAIN  RELIEF CHEF DE PARTIE  SURREY  1 WEEK ASSIGNMENT  **** STAR  IMMEDIATE START  Our client on this assignment is a **** star property, part of a hotel and conference venue chain. Based in Croydon, Surrey; they are looking for a Relief Chef de Partie to assist them initially for a period of 1 week, but with a view to this being extended as the week progresses. This is a VERY busy operation, catering for C B and lunches of up to **** covers, and dinner for up to **** covers. The successful Relief Chef de Partie must be used to catering from fresh in high volume, and will be working in a team of 11 chefs. Accommodation is available on this assignment for those of you who do not live in the local area, but for those of you who do live close by, it may also be more suited to someone with their own transport as it is not walking distance to any public transport links. To apply for this position or for further information, please forward a copy of your CV to us quoting job reference TW 256 on all correspondence. Contact details: enquiriestowngatepersonnel.co.uk www.towngatepersonnel.co.uk   We value all applications, however due to the volume of response we are currently receiving, we are only able to contact candidates whose skills and experience closely match the requirements of our clients. In line with the requirements of the Asylum and Immigration Act **** all applicants must be eligible to live and work in the UK . As part of the recruitment process, you will be asked to provide documented evidence of eligibility. In line with the requirements of the Employment Agencies Act **** Towngate Personnel are prohibited from charging workseekers for work finding services. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com ReliefChefdePartieCroydonSurreyLivein

Job Title: Senior Control and Instrumentation Engineer
Location: Berkshire
Job Description: Senior Control and Instrumentation Engineer . Reading, Berkshire. experienced C Senior Control and Instrumentation Engineer. Essential  Degree (or equivalent) in Electrical, Electronic or Control and Instrumentation Engineering or other relevant discipline. Chartered Engineer. Able to demonstrate sound technical experience. A sufficient and appropriate level of building services and controls experience gained within a client organisation, engineering consultancy or equipment supplier. Project management, including controls, planning and estimating and preparation of deliverable work package. Desirable Working within a multidiscipline engineering team and having a general appreciation of other disciplines constraints and requirements. Nuclear safety case issues and NII site licence conditions. Building management systems. Fire detection and alarms. Telecoms. UPS. Experience of the nuclear industry. Experience of IEE Wiring Regulations 17th edition BS**** Experience of transmission (****kV) electrical plant and configuration design. Experience of distribution (up to ****kV) electrical plant and configuration design. Experience of protection and control design at Transmission and Distribution voltages. The Individual A confident and professional manner. Excellent communication skills. Ability to use initiative and demonstrate creativity. Self motivated and committed to further study. Ability to work within a team. Responsibilities Senior Controls and Instrumentation Engineer  Responsible for managing the control and instrumentation, and potentially electrical, design aspects of substation refurbishment rekit projects and leading electrical control aspects of major infrastructure projects from system studies and investment appraisals through to detailed design Act as Project Manager on design projects or on electrical, control and instrumentation aspects of multidisciplinary utilities infrastructure design projects. Mentoring and technical development of a team of junior engineers. Lead on the production of major bids. Cost and time control and reporting. Liaison with clients, suppliers and contractors. Specification, selection and justification of relevant equipment. Generation of Front End Engineering Design packages. Relevant equipment assessment and justification reports. Production of Commissioning Procedures. Production of Technical Specifications. Control Panel Room Layout Reliability Assessment and C Reading, Berkshire

Job Title: Control and Instrumentation Engineer
Location: Berkshire
Job Description: Control and Instrumentation Engineer / C Reading. Our client is seeking applications from experienced C Control and Instrumentation Engineer / C Degree (or equivalent) in Electrical, Electronic or Control and Instrumentation Engineering or other relevant discipline. Chartered Engineer. Able to demonstrate sound technical experience. A sufficient and appropriate level of building services and controls experience gained within a client organisation, engineering consultancy or equipment supplier. Project management, including controls, planning and estimating and preparation of deliverable work package. Desirable Working within a multidiscipline engineering team and having a general appreciation of other disciplines constraints and requirements. Nuclear safety case issues and NII site licence conditions. Building management systems. Fire detection and alarms. Telecoms. UPS. Experience of the nuclear industry. Experience of IEE Wiring Regulations 17th edition BS**** Experience of transmission (****kV) electrical plant and configuration design. Experience of distribution (up to ****kV) electrical plant and configuration design. Experience of protection and control design at Transmission and Distribution voltages. The Individual Control and Instrumentation Engineer  A confident and professional manner. Excellent communication skills. Ability to use initiative and demonstrate creativity. Self motivated and committed to further study. Ability to work within a team. Responsibilities  Responsible for providing technical input into the control and instrumentation, and potentially electrical, design aspects of substation refurbishment rekit projects and leading electrical control aspects of major infrastructure projects from system studies and investment appraisals through to detailed design. Liaison with clients, suppliers and contractors. Provide technical input into the specification, selection and justification of relevant equipment. Generation of Front End Engineering Design packages. Provide technical input into the relevant equipment assessment and justification reports. Production of Commissioning Procedures. Production of Technical Specifications. Control and Instrumentation Engineer / C Location Reading, Berkshire

Job Title: Electrical ICA Engineer
Location: Surrey
Job Description: Electrical / ICA Engineer Industry: Environment / Environmental Restoration, Water / Watershed Management We are currently looking for an ambitious Electrical / ICA Engineer with a broadranging background in the Water industry to join our team in Epsom. This role offers a chance for an ambitious engineer to join a busy team delivering work to a variety of clients including Southern Water, Thames Water. Projects include feasibility and outline design for Southern Water as part of our Centres of Excellence framework and also the opportunity to start work on our PR**** business planning opportunities for clients including Southern Water and Thames Water. In addition to this there are a variety of opportunities to work on international projects, based in the UK, but with potential for travel abroad to the Middle East, as an example. Work is also increasing in noncore sectors such as nuclear and oil & gas and there may be opportunities to work on projects within these sectors Requirements The appointed engineer must have a degree in a relevant discipline such as Electrical Engineering. Ideally applicants will be Chartered with the IET or alternative appropriate body, however we will consider candidates who are close to achieving chartership via the most appropriate route. The individual will be able to provide evidence of an ongoing programme of CPD. The individual candidate will be computer literate and able to work effectively work with the basic Microsoft suit of programmes as a minimum. Candidates must have extensive outline and detailed design experience within the Water Wastewater Industry sector including areas such as potable water production and distribution, waste water treatment and sludge treatment and pumping systems. While we are ideally looking for a candidate with both electrical and ICA experience we are willing to consider candidates with only electrical experience. In addition, some or all of the following would be expected: experience of designing and working with LV electrical equipment (in addition HV experience is desirable), experience of working with WIMES specifications, candidates must be able to demonstrate design experience of: LV electrical design, including MCCs, distribution boards, cable systems etc, HV systems including transformers, RMU, circuit breakers, cable selection and sizing, protection coordination and grading, PLC and SCADA systems design and specification, field bus networks, building services, liaising with utility providers, concepts and requirements of DSEAR ATEX compliance Responsibilities The role of a Electrical ICA Engineer within the MEP business will require the individual to undertake the following duties: Project management of small and medium projects and sub projects on larger contracts, Control of budgets and project programmes under the supervision of a principal engineer, Feasibility, outline and detailed electrical and C&I design work, Electrical switchgear panel MCC specification and design, Control and instrumentation systems functional specification and design, Understanding, interpreting and responding to the needs of other engineering disciplines such as mechanical, process and civil, Production of electrical, control and instrumentation design documentation Personal Qualities Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills. Electrical / ICA Engineer Location: Epsom, Surrey Salary: **** to **** Industry: Environment / Environmental Restoration, Water / Watershed Management

Job Title: CHEF DE PARTIE POSITION IN **** ROSETTE HOTEL NYORKS **** k 
Location: North Yorkshire
Job Description: CHEF DE PARTIE POSITION IN **** ROSETTE HOTEL N.YORKS  ****k  LIVE IN Our client is a stunning Hotel located in North Yorkshire. Serving authentic Modern British and French Cuisine in elegant surrounds, they enjoy a superb reputation in the area. This is a well organised and structured kitchen that has a stable brigade of **** who all work together to produce fantastic food using fresh local produce. Candidates will need good all round knowledge of the kitchen, be motivated and ambitious and have genuine love of food and cooking. Vacancy Details Chef de Partie Award winning operation Brigade of **** British and French food Fresh local produce Strong Head Chef A strong **** rosette operation If you are interested in this Chef de Partie vacancy then be quick as it does have an end date to the application. My details as below if you wish for more information: Consultant: Chris Wilson Ref: ****CW  / **** **** Want a quick job search without the hassle of registering then paste www.clearselection.co.uk search.php to your web browser and enjoy the experience. We are always busy and are constantly receiving new instructions from a number of different client's nationwide, which makes it good for candidates and us. In the majority of cases we have visited the client's establishment and even spent work days with them and have a very enviable reputation for finding the best for the best. If you desire a professional, honest and calm approach with the reassurance that your application will be treated confidentially if requested, we look forward to working on your behalf. Our Consultants love their jobs and its always worth trying to contact them on their mobiles in the evenings or at weekends, if you are to busy during the day. Remember if they do not contact you within **** hours, unfortunately you have not been successful in your application for this position. Clear Selection Recruitment is part of the Clear Selection Group Est. **** This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com CHEFDEPARTIEPOSITIONIN****ROSETTEHOTELNYORKS****k

Job Title: General Manager Funky Cool Restaurant Concept London **** k 
Location: East Sheen
Job Description: Senior General Manager – Funky, Cool, Casual Restaurant Concept  Flagship Site We're looking for a General Manager who wants to run large sites for a great company and make a name for themselves. The Client Their mission is to be different; serving great honest tasty food by cool laidback people in individually designed restaurants. The company has huge expansion plans in place and needs great General Managers. You are able to express yourself and bring your personality. The Role As a General Manager you will be involved with all aspects of running these restaurants; from financials to training and driving sales. The company loves new ideas and input from its Managers as the company is continuing to evolve. We need General Managers who are fun, who love people and can make the rest of their team and customers happy. Essential Skills Experience required for a General Manager •We're looking for General Managers with 1 years experience managing their own site. •You must be great with your people and able to connect with your customers •Passion and drive with a focus on customer service Rewards – General Manager •Great Salary up to ****k  Bonus •Great training and opportunities – Lots of new openings •Great company, exciting time, amazing people Please send your CV to Rory at rorybeerec.com or call on **** Due to the high number of applicants we receive sadly we cannot reply to everyone, therefore if you do not hear back from us within 5 days please assume you have been unsuccessful this time Candidate Information, General Manager All candidates must provide proof of identity and eligibility to work in the UK along with and relevant supporting qualifications. Bee Recruitment is an equal opportunities employer, a recruitment agency dedicated to recruitment in the hospitality industry. This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com GeneralManagerFunkyCoolRestaurantConceptLondon****k

Job Title: Senior Website Designer
Location: York
Job Description: SENIOR WEBSITE DESIGNER Location: York, East Yorkshire Type: Permanent Salary: up to ****K (DOE) One of UK s most renowned digital media company is looking to hire a Senior Website Designer to join their team of designers. The successful candidate will be responsible for designing ecommerce websites, developing client strategy with the creative director and in assisting in the development of design. Requirements: 3 years solid experience in ecommerce website design Knowledge in Information Architecture process Must have an understanding of MVT Adobe Suite knowledge also required Prior experience of working in an agency environment will be an advantage but not essential Don t miss this great and exciting opportunity to work for a leading digital media company. Send your CV now

Job Title: Welwyn Chef de Partie does it get any better than this ****
Location: UK
Job Description: Welwyn Chef de Partie does it get any better than this? **** Rosettes, Mentioned in all major guides, Great National Press reviews and a fabulous team. My client is eager to find a talented Chef de Partie who can create exciting food using some of the best ingredients around. This Chef de Partie vacancy is about fine dining not the casual Rustic approach. Situated within easy driving distance of Welwyn this really is a superb opportunity for a Chef de Partie to flourish and excel. You will need to possess the ability to cope well under pressure, enjoy the buzz of a busy service and be a true team worker. Chef de Partie Details Country Setting Busy Operation Good Job Security Established Team Large Kitchen Team True Fresh Produce Mentioned in all the guides Modern Food Interested and ready to join a great establishment? Then please mail over your details or call me on the number below for a chat Consultant: Chris Wilson Ref: ****CW Chef de Partie Award Winning Nr Welwyn  / **** **** Want a quick job search without the hassle of registering then paste www.clearselection.co.uk search.php to your web browser and enjoy the experience. We are always busy and are constantly receiving new instructions from a number of different client's nationwide, which makes it good for candidates and us. In the majority of cases we have visited the client's establishment and even spent work days with them and have a very enviable reputation for finding the best for the best. If you desire a professional, honest and calm approach with the reassurance that your application will be treated confidentially if requested, we look forward to working on your behalf. Our Consultants love their jobs and its always worth trying to contact them on their mobiles in the evenings or at weekends, if you are to busy during the day. Remember if they do not contact you within **** hours, unfortunately you have not been successful in your application for this position. Clear Selection Recruitment is part of the Clear Selection Group Est. **** This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com WelwynChefdePartiedoesitgetanybetterthanthis****

Job Title: Chef de Partie Sauce Award Winning Hertford ****
Location: UK
Job Description: Chef de Partie Sauce Award Winning Hertford **** Ready to work in a TwoRosette Restaurant and assist our client the Head Chef in producing high quality fresh food. We are seeking to find a Chef de Partie for this multi award winning Restaurant situated within **** minutes drive of Hertford, Hertfordshire. We would envisage that you will already have similar experience as a Chef De Partie or maybe you are an ambitious Demi Chef de Partie looking for your next move. You will love the pressure of producing a high standard of food, know your ingredients and be very eager to progress. For this Chef De Partie role, my client is offering sensible hours including some straight shifts and the chance to work with lots of local ingredients. Maybe you are working in an establishment that is not as successful, maybe you are working in an unprofessional environment maybe its just time for a change. Interested in this Chef de Partie vacancy and ready to join a great establishment? Then please mail over your details or call me on the number below for a chat Consultant: Chris Wilson Ref: ****CW Chef de Partie Award Winning Hertford  / **** **** Want a quick job search without the hassle of registering then paste www.clearselection.co.uk search.php to your web browser and enjoy the experience. We are always busy and are constantly receiving new instructions from a number of different client's nationwide, which makes it good for candidates and us. In the majority of cases we have visited the client's establishment and even spent work days with them and have a very enviable reputation for finding the best for the best. If you desire a professional, honest and calm approach with the reassurance that your application will be treated confidentially if requested, we look forward to working on your behalf. Our Consultants love their jobs and its always worth trying to contact them on their mobiles in the evenings or at weekends, if you are to busy during the day. Remember if they do not contact you within **** hours, unfortunately you have not been successful in your application for this position. Clear Selection Recruitment is part of the Clear Selection Group Est. **** This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com ChefdePartieSauceAwardWinningHertford****

Job Title: Pastry Chef AL **** **** AA Rosette Restaurant
Location: UK
Job Description: Pastry Chef De Partie AL**** **** ****AA Rosette My client is looking for a Pastry Chef De Partie to start straight away in their ****AA rosette restaurant in a **** star hotel. Working alongside another Pastry Chef it is not necessary to have rosette experience providing you have the natural talent and ability as well as eagerness to learn. Job Specs: Pastry Chef De Partie **** out of 7 days on **** consecutive days off **** hours a week **** early, **** late, **** doubles **** cover restaurant Breakfast shift at 8am Benefits: Up to****pa Tips Life insurance Healthcare Pension Staff uniform Meals on duty Live in available The Candidate: Pastry qualified (NVQs) Preferably Pastry Chef De Partie experience (or good demi) Eager to learn Hard working Living locally or able to relocate ASAP So if you are a Pastry Chef De Partie looking for a great position working alongside an amazing bunch of colleagues then email or just call **** **** for a quick chat. Consultant: Chris Wilson Ref: ****CW Pastry Chef Stevenage  / **** **** Want a quick job search without the hassle of registering then paste www.clearselection.co.uk search.php to your web browser and enjoy the experience. We are always busy and are constantly receiving new instructions from a number of different client's nationwide, which makes it good for candidates and us. In the majority of cases we have visited the client's establishment and even spent work days with them and have a very enviable reputation for finding the best for the best. If you desire a professional, honest and calm approach with the reassurance that your application will be treated confidentially if requested, we look forward to working on your behalf. Our Consultants love their jobs and its always worth trying to contact them on their mobiles in the evenings or at weekends, if you are to busy during the day. Remember if they do not contact you within **** hours, unfortunately you have not been successful in your application for this position. Clear Selection Recruitment is part of the Clear Selection Group Est. **** This job was originally posted as www.caterer.com PastryChefAL****AARosetteRestaurant

Job Title: QA Engineer
Location: Cambridge
Job Description: An expanding software and consultancy services company based in Cambridge is in need of QA Engineers to join their team of QA Analysts and Developers. In this role, you will be working closely with the development team to review requirements and specifications, produce test plans and reports and initialise testing and profiling. Requirements: A Degree or post graduate qualification Commercial experience in Software Testing (Manual and Automated Testing) Experience of software applications for some or all of version control, defect tracking, test case management, test suite automation Experience in the following: o Commandline tools and scripting Experience in one or more of the following areas Text mining Grid computing Natural Language Processing Life Sciences Chemistry Web applications Web services Security Automated GUI testing Understanding of cross platform issues This is a great opportunity to expand your skills and be part of a rapidly growing organisation. Send in your CV now

Job Title: Documentation Engineer
Location: Manchester
Job Description: Our client is looking for a Documentation Engineer Technical Author. The preffered candidate will be practiced in interpreting engineering drawings and producing instructional documentation based on the information gained. Candidates must be proficient in Microsoft Office suite of applications predominantly Word. Looking for experience in the production of documentation in one or more of the following areas:  Operation and Maintenance Instructions  Recovery Instructions  Schedule of Recommended Spares  Commissioning Method Statements   System Performance Demonstrations  Training Materials Candidates must have good communications skills, being able to liaise with inhouse engineering design personnel and to interface with client representatives. CE hands on experience in a nuclear plant environment. Plant commissioning experience is a valuable asset. Security clearance to Basic Check (BC) I Revised Baseline Standard (RBS) level is advantageous

Job Title: Bilingual Customer Service Operator
Location: UK
Job Description: Are you fluent in English and another European language? Are you looking for an exciting opportunity to use your languages in a fastpaced Customer Service role? We are presenting the opportunity to work for a leading Global Conferencing provider; we are currently looking for bright and dynamic language speakers to join the busy multilingual European Customer Service team. Working within this busy and dynamic office, you will be dealing with business clients on a daily basis. You will be setting up and managing live teleconferences, from office meetings, court hearings to large business events. This is an office based role dealing with inbound outbound calls and managing the automated conference service. Above all you will consistently provide excellent customer service to valuable clients, and be an outstanding representative for the company. This client is an upandcoming company, excellent to work for, who are stronger than ever during the current economic climate. The company offer a welcoming and supportive working environment as well as fantastic career progression opportunities and an excellent benefit package You must be fluent in English AND at least one of the following languages: German, French, Spanish, Italian, Portuguese, Dutch, Swedish, Finnish or Russian. You must also have: Customer Service experience (this can be retail, hospitality, receptionist, office, customer service, call centre). Experience dealing with business clients (B2B) would be preferable. Proven ability to use your own initiative and work well under pressure. Other important qualities are organisation, attention to detail, strong communication skills and reliability punctuality. This is a fulltime permanent position based in Croydon, Surrey. Hours of work are Monday to Friday shifts between ****:30am ****:00pm, however flexibility is required to meet customer requirements and bank holiday working may be required. Bilingual, customer service, call centre, contact centre, events, event management, event coordinator, teleconferencing, teleconference, telecommunications, telecoms, languages, language skills

Job Title: Customer Event Coordinator German speaking
Location: UK
Job Description: Are you fluent in English and German? Are you looking for an exciting opportunity to use your language skills in a fastpaced Customer Service role? We are presenting the opportunity to work for a leading Global Conferencing provider; we are currently looking for a bright and dynamic Germanspeaker to join the busy multilingual European Customer Service team. Working within this busy yet friendly office, you will be dealing with business clients on a daily basis. You will be setting up and managing live teleconferences, from office meetings, court hearings to large business events. This is an office based role dealing with inbound outbound calls and managing the automated conference service. Above all you will consistently provide excellent customer service to valuable clients, and be an outstanding representative for the company. This client is a successful company, excellent to work for, who are stronger than ever during the current economic climate. The company offer a welcoming and supportive working environment as well as fantastic career progression opportunities and an excellent benefit package You must be fluent in German Customer Service experience (this can be retail, hospitality, receptionist, office, customer service, call centre). Experience dealing with business clients (B2B) would be preferable. Proven ability to use your own initiative and work well under pressure. Other important qualities are organisation, attention to detail, strong communication skills and reliability punctuality. This is a fulltime permanent position based in Croydon, Surrey. Hours of work are Monday to Friday shifts between ****:30am ****:00pm. Bilingual, German, customer service, call centre, contact centre, events, event management, event coordinator, teleconferencing, teleconference, telecommunications, telecoms, languages, language skills

Job Title: Senior Planner
Location: UK
Job Description: Senior Planning Engineer, Nuclear Experience Required, Primavera P**** Working half the time in Manchester and half the time at Sellafield

Job Title: Bilingual Reservationist Customer Service
Location: Gloucestershire
Job Description: Do you have experience in Customer Service? Do you speak another European language? If so we want to hear from you We are presenting the opportunity to work for a leading Communications company within their multilingual Customer Service team. Working within a busy and dynamic service centre, you will book and confirm Reservations by telephone, fax and email, and check booking details with the customer, giving them the appropriate information to ensure the service runs smoothly. This is an office based role dealing with inbound calls from business clients. Above all you will consistently provide excellent customer service to valuable clients, and be an outstanding representative for the company. This role presents the opportunity to use your language skills, as you would be liaising with international clients. Our client is an established and internationally successful company, who are excellent to work for, and stronger than ever during the current economic climate. The company offer thorough training, a welcoming and supportive working environment, as well as fantastic career progression opportunities and an excellent benefits package The right candidate must be committed, reliable and have an excellent telephone manner. You must be fluent in English and one of the following languages (French, German, Danish, Dutch, Swedish, Finnish, Italian or Spanish). Candidates with experience in telesales, callcentre, customer service, receptionist or travel are ideal for this role You must also demonstrate the ability to use your own initiative and work well under pressure. Working hours are MondayFriday, and flexibility to work shift patterns (including early starts) is a must. Basic salary is ****  ****  **** bonus  language supplement. This is a fulltime permanent position based in Gloucester

Job Title: Trampoline Coach Bushey Grove Leisure Centre
Location: Bushey
Job Description: We are looking for a motivated, hard working, conscientious members of staff to work in accordance with our junior course programme coaching trampolining on a Saturday mornings ****:30am  ****:30pm term time. This individual will compliment our existing team. The post holder must hold as a minimum Level 1 in Trampolining (British Gymnastics) and have experience in working with children, be fun, outgoing and have excellent customer service skills and be able to instruct in line with the British Gymnastics syllabus. This post are exempt from the Rehabilitation of Offenders Act **** and will be conditional upon a satisfactory disclosure from the Criminal Records Bureau Hertsmere Leisure is an equal opportunities employer.Hertsmere Leisure promotes a positive attitude towards attendance at work.  following successful probation period

Job Title: Self Employed Swimming Instructors
Location: UK
Job Description: Do you have a passion for Swimming? Can you motivate others to improve their skills? If the answer is yes and you have a ASA UKCC Level 2 or STA Full qualification, this could be the job for you Kirklees Active Leisure is looking to develop and grow our existing swimming instructor program for both children and adults and we are looking for enthusiastic individuals to join our team on a Self Employed Basis and become part of our KAL Swim Academy Programme across our sites. We are actively seeking individuals who can teach swimming including a wide range of disciplines including Coaching, Triathlon, Adult and Child, Disabilities, Synchro, Waterpolo, and Diving (information for CPD upskilling is available on a regular basis). You will stand out because of your motivational and fun style of teaching, passion for Swimming and your ability to inspire people, ensuring pupils enjoy your sessions week on week. You will be a vibrant presence in our facilities and willing to go that extra mile. To apply for this opportunity you will need to have proof of your qualification and public liability insurance. Most sessions are held on evenings and weekends and availability differs at each pool. For an informal discussion regarding this opportunity please contact the Aquatics Manager at your Kirklees Active Leisure local pool. An Enhanced Criminal Record Bureau (CRB) Disclosure is required for these posts, a conviction will not necessarily exclude a candidate but will be considered as part of the recruitment process.

Job Title: Self Employed Sport Coaches
Location: UK
Job Description: Do you have a passion for Sport? Can you motivate others to improve their skills? Do you have a valid Level 1 or Level 2 National Governing Body Qualification? Kirklees Active Leisure (KAL) is looking to develop and grow our existing sport coaching programme for both adults and young people and we are looking for enthusiastic individuals to join our teams on a Self Employed basis and become part of our Sport Coaching Programmes across our sites. We are actively seeking individuals who can coach a wide range of sports including Gymnstics, Trampolining, Netball, Football and Climbing. You will stand out because of your motivational style of Coaching, passion for Sport and your ability to inspire people, ensuring individuals return to your session week on week. You will be a vibrant presence in our facilities and will be willing to go that extra mile for our customers. To apply for this opportunity you will need to have proof of your qualification and public liability insurance. Various hourly sessions are held throughout the week including evenings and weekends and availability differs at each Centre. For an informal discussion regarding this opportunity please contact the Sports Activity Manager at your Kirklees Active Leisure Centre. Details of all our Centre's are shown on www.kirkleesactive.co.uk . An Enhanced Criminal Record Bureau (CRB) Disclosure is required for these posts, a conviction will not necessarily exclude a candidate but will be considered as part of the recruitment process.

Job Title: Bar Waiting Staff The Cricketers Sarratt
Location: Sarratt
Job Description: We are looking for outgoing, friendly people to join our crew. Previous experience is always helpful but not essential, as long as you enjoy looking after people and are able to work evenings and weekends, we would like to hear from you. We are very flexible and try to work around people's commitmentshowever you run your life we're sure you'll enjoy working for us.

Job Title: Deputy Manager Nevill Crest and Gun Eridge Green
Location: UK
Job Description: We are looking for an experienced Deputy Manager with a big front of house character and good knowledge of food, wine and beer to help run the pub alongside the Manager. You will frequently work opposite shifts to the manager, and run the pub in the manager's absence, so the skill sets needed are broadly the same. You won't carry the full weight of responsibility for the wellbeing of the business, but you will be the manager's righthand person, and will be a senior member of the management team, making decisions and directing things on a daily basis. You'll need to understand and love pubs, take real pleasure in making people happy and play a full role in keeping the business profitable, the crew happy and the customers coming back for more. Being a deputy manager is an ideal opportunity to gain knowledge and experience of every aspect of pub life. We see our deputy managers as our managers of the future, and try to promote from within whenever we can. Our rate of growth means that there are exciting opportunities springing up all the time, and you will be able to develop your career at a pace that is appropriate to you. Contact: Please send your CV with a covering letter telling us what makes you tick Please take some time to look through our website http://www.brunningandprice.co.uk/ and ensure that you include a covering letter when at the final stage of your application.

Job Title: Bar Waiting Staff The Refectory Godalming
Location: Milford
Job Description: We are looking for outgoing, friendly people to join our crew. Previous experience is always helpful but not essential, as long as you enjoy looking after people and are able to work evenings and weekends, we would like to hear from you. We are very flexible and try to work around people's commitmentshowever you run your life we're sure you'll enjoy working for us. Contact: If you think you have got what it takes please send your CV along with a cover letter telling us about yourself

Job Title: Web Developer
Location: UK
Job Description: A leading ecommerce agency is looking to hire a Web Developer to join their team of eCommerce Developers. The role will involve working on different types of client and a candidate should have the ability to create and implement unique, engaging, and intuitive work to meet client requirements. Requirements: 34 years of experience in web development **** or more years on eCommerce projects in an agency setting Development skills in the following technologies: o ASP.net and ASP o VB and VB.net o SQL Server / TSQL o COM DCOM o XML, HTML o Javascript Knowledge of Microsoft Commerce Server, any other eCommerce solutions If this sounds like a challenge that you are ready to take up, send in your CV now

Job Title: Software Engineer Mathematical Modeller
Location: Surrey
Job Description: Software Engineer Defence, Simulation, Wargaming, Mathematical Modelling, Operational Analysis. Customer facing Software Engineer is required by a very successful systems consultancy specialising in wargaming and simulation, mathematical modelling and Operational Role: Customer facing Software Engineer. The successful candidate will have a strong software background with a complete understanding of the software development lifecycle. The candidate will be able to be productive using a variety of languages and a number of development environments. He she will be experienced in applying appropriate quality assurance processes to software development and be comfortable working alone or in small project teams. In addition to developing software the candidate will be required to participate in the deployment of the software systems in the field, for example in support of exercises and training events. This will require good interpersonal skills, the ability to understand the customer s domain and a willingness to roll up the sleeves to get the job done. Work will be based at our offices in Camberley with regular UK and occasional overseas travel required. The successful candidate will have a minimum of 3 years experience in software development and be able to demonstrate the following: Essential Skills Software Engineer.  Expertise in one or more of C, C++, Java, Delphi, XML, VB.NET, FORTRAN. Postgraduate degree or good honours degree (****:**** or above) in a relevant discipline (Maths Comp Sci Physical Sciences Engineering). Excellent customer facing, problem solving and communication skills. Analytical mind set, able to develop novel approaches to simulation requirements. Willingness to travel. Desirable Skills Software Engineer : Experience of database development. Previous Use and manipulation of Geographic Information Systems (GIS) data Knowledge of simulation interoperability, toolkits, architectures and protocols, such as DIS and HLA. Knowledge of computer gaming technologies. Knowledge of the military concepts and doctrine. Experience supporting simulation based training exercises or experimentation in the Military domain. Expertise in one or more of wargaming, mathematical modelling, simulation and defence analysis. Experience of working within an ISO9001:**** configuration management environment Keywords Software Engineer, C, C++, Java, Delphi, XML, VB.NET, FORTRAN, Simulation, Wargaming, Operational Research, Mathematical Modelling, Defence, Military, Defence Analysis, Training, Customer Facing. Salary ****K****K plus 26 days hols, pension, health insurance, Life Assurance, PHI. Location Camberley, Surrey

Job Title: Mathematical Modeller
Location: Surrey
Job Description: Mathematical Modeller Dorking Surrey Salary ****K Located in Surrey, our client provides specialist software development Surrey Salary ****K

Job Title: Software Engineer Algorithm Design Mathematical Modeller
Location: Surrey
Job Description: Software Engineer Defence, Simulation, Algorithm Design, Mathematical Modelling, Operational Analysis. Customer facing Software Engineer is required by a very successful systems consultancy specialising in wargaming and simulation, mathematical modelling and Operational Role: Customer facing Software Engineer. The successful candidate will have a strong software background with a complete understanding of the software development lifecycle. The candidate will be able to be productive using a variety of languages and a number of development environments. He she will be experienced in applying appropriate quality assurance processes to software development and be comfortable working alone or in small project teams. In addition to developing software the candidate will be required to participate in the deployment of the software systems in the field, for example in support of exercises and training events. This will require good interpersonal skills, the ability to understand the customer s domain and a willingness to roll up the sleeves to get the job done. Work will be based at our offices in Camberley with regular UK and occasional overseas travel required. The successful candidate will have a minimum of 3 years experience in software development and be able to demonstrate the following: Essential Skills Software Engineer.  Expertise in C is essential other languages within the company are used are  C++, Java, Delphi, XML, VB.NET, FORTRAN. Algorithm Design, andDesign Architecture. Postgraduate degree or good honours degree (****:**** or above) in a relevant discipline (Maths Comp Sci Physical Sciences Engineering). Excellent customer facing, problem solving and communication skills. Analytical mind set, able to develop novel approaches to simulation requirements. Willingness to travel. Desirable Skills Software Engineer : Experience of database development. Previous Use and manipulation of Geographic Information Systems (GIS) data Knowledge of simulation interoperability, toolkits, architectures and protocols, such as DIS and HLA. Knowledge of computer gaming technologies. Knowledge of the military concepts and doctrine. Experience supporting simulation based training exercises or experimentation in the Military domain. Expertise in one or more of wargaming, mathematical modelling, simulation and defence analysis. Experience of working within an ISO9001:**** configuration management environment Essential Requirements  Solid C skills essential, Numerate, Good Degree Maths, Physics, Computer Science or engineering. , Client facing, UK National Keywords Software Engineer, C, C++, Java, Delphi, XML, VB.NET, FORTRAN, Simulation, Wargaming, Operational Research, Mathematical Modelling, Defence, Military, Defence Analysis, Training, Customer Facing. Algorithm Design, Design Architectures. Salary ****K****K plus 26 days hols, pension, health insurance, Life Assurance, PHI. Location Camberley, Surrey

Job Title: Senior Mechanical Engineer Design and Substantiation
Location: Berkshire
Job Description: Senior Mechanical Engineer Design and Substantiation Defence, Aerospace, Nuclear, Oil and Gas sectors Our client requires a Senior Mechanical Engineer with design and substantiation experience to join their expanding team. They have challenging projects requiring the design and substantiation of complex components and structures in high integrity environments. The Mechanical Design and Analysis team is currently expanding to meet strong demand from its main clients. The team s work supports a number of key Defence programmes including the UK Submarine programme (both inservice and next generation vessels, as well as dockyard equipment and facilities) and high integrity structures for new Defence establishments. Our client also delivers a significant amount of work outside the Defence industry, making use of their strong design and analytical skills and plant knowledge to deliver projects for other internal or external clients. Engineers working within the team therefore have the opportunity to challenge themselves through delivering interesting and varied projects for a range of different clients and industries. Our client is the largest consultant engineer to the UK Defence market. Their mission is to ensure success for their clients, whatever the challenge. Their multiskilled experts cover land, sea and air, as well as information and communications they work across the lifecycle of a platform, system or facility. They achieve success by working in close partnership with their clients, by matching their skills to their needs, being flexible, and by using their resources efficiently. Whether they are delivering high quality engineering and technical services or programme management, they always deliver the solution that s right for the client. Requirements  Senior Mechanical Engineer Design and Substantiation The successful candidate will have a track record of supervising delivery of technical solutions in challenging timescales. Qualifications: Degreequalified or equivalent in Mechanical Engineering or a related discipline, Chartered Engineer . Essential Criteria Significant demonstrable experience in two or more of the following technical disciplines is requiredConcept design and development. Design for manufacture. CAD (preferably Unigraphics or Pro ENGINEER). Design substantiation by hand calculation or Finite Element analysis (preferably Abaqus or Ansys). Furthermore, the successful candidate will demonstrate: A sound understanding of mechanical engineering principles and their application to varied projects and domains A desire to be challenged and to contribute to the success of the business Desirable Criteria Experience in one or more of the following industry domains is also desirable: Aero Engines or Aero Structures. Steamraising power plant and components (pressure vessels, heat exchangers, pumps, valves, pipework etc). Nuclear industry knowledge and safety case appreciation. Although the team is based in Silchester, opportunities also exist at various client sites around the country. Flexibility on work location and a willingness to undertake secondments to other sites is beneficial. Responsibilities  Senior Mechanical Engineer Design and Substantiation As a successful applicant, you would be expected to: Identify, supervise and produce designs supported by calculations to demonstrate acceptable performance or identify design issues Author and update major technical documents to present technical findings (e.g. design substantiation reports, safety justifications). Lead requirements capture activities to identify the scope of work required. Support bidding activities and produce proposal documents. Manage task delivery against Time, Cost and Quality requirements. Support our QA process through review or checking colleagues work. Lead presentations to clients. Lead or work within project teams (though some independent work, including placements at clients sites, may be required). Take responsibility for the quality and delivery of your own work and maintain our clients reputation. Senior Mechanical Engineer Design and Substantiation Defence, Aerospace, Nuclear, Oil and Gas sectors Salary: **** to **** Location: Reading, Berkshire

Job Title: Senior Mechanical Engineer Design and Substantiation
Location: Hampshire
Job Description: Senior Mechanical Engineer Design and Substantiation Defence, Aerospace, Nuclear, Oil and Gas sectors Our client requires a Senior Mechanical Engineer with design and substantiation experience to join their expanding team. They have challenging projects requiring the design and substantiation of complex components and structures in high integrity environments. The Mechanical Design and Analysis team is currently expanding to meet strong demand from its main clients. The team s work supports a number of key Defence programmes including the UK Submarine programme (both inservice and next generation vessels, as well as dockyard equipment and facilities) and high integrity structures for new Defence establishments. Our client also delivers a significant amount of work outside the Defence industry, making use of their strong design and analytical skills and plant knowledge to deliver projects for other internal or external clients. Engineers working within the team therefore have the opportunity to challenge themselves through delivering interesting and varied projects for a range of different clients and industries. Our client is the largest consultant engineer to the UK Defence market. Their mission is to ensure success for their clients, whatever the challenge. Their multiskilled experts cover land, sea and air, as well as information and communications they work across the lifecycle of a platform, system or facility. They achieve success by working in close partnership with their clients, by matching their skills to their needs, being flexible, and by using their resources efficiently. Whether they are delivering high quality engineering and technical services or programme management, they always deliver the solution that s right for the client. Requirements  Senior Mechanical Engineer Design and Substantiation The successful candidate will have a track record of supervising delivery of technical solutions in challenging timescales. Qualifications: Degreequalified or equivalent in Mechanical Engineering or a related discipline, Chartered Engineer . Essential Criteria Significant demonstrable experience in two or more of the following technical disciplines is requiredConcept design and development. Design for manufacture. CAD (preferably Unigraphics or Pro ENGINEER). Design substantiation by hand calculation or Finite Element analysis (preferably Abaqus or Ansys). Furthermore, the successful candidate will demonstrate: A sound understanding of mechanical engineering principles and their application to varied projects and domains A desire to be challenged and to contribute to the success of the business Desirable Criteria Experience in one or more of the following industry domains is also desirable: Aero Engines or Aero Structures. Steamraising power plant and components (pressure vessels, heat exchangers, pumps, valves, pipework etc). Nuclear industry knowledge and safety case appreciation. Although the team is based in Silchester, opportunities also exist at various client sites around the country. Flexibility on work location and a willingness to undertake secondments to other sites is beneficial. Responsibilities  Senior Mechanical Engineer Design and Substantiation As a successful applicant, you would be expected to: Identify, supervise and produce designs supported by calculations to demonstrate acceptable performance or identify design issues Author and update major technical documents to present technical findings (e.g. design substantiation reports, safety justifications). Lead requirements capture activities to identify the scope of work required. Support bidding activities and produce proposal documents. Manage task delivery against Time, Cost and Quality requirements. Support our QA process through review or checking colleagues work. Lead presentations to clients. Lead or work within project teams (though some independent work, including placements at clients sites, may be required). Take responsibility for the quality and delivery of your own work and maintain our clients reputation. Senior Mechanical Engineer Design and Substantiation Defence, Aerospace, Nuclear, Oil and Gas sectors Salary: **** to **** Location: Reading Basingstoke border

Job Title: User Experience Developer
Location: Surrey
Job Description: User Experience Developer Our client requires a User Experience Developer to help develop and maintain new and existing projects. The successful candidate will report directly to the Technical Lead. The post will be based in the Farnham, Surrey area. Applicants Applicants will have 1**** years Flex development experience and should be able to provide a portfolio of their work. Successful applicants will be those seeking a challenging opportunity with an exciting and expanding organisation and who are enthusiastic, flexible and personable, able to work well on both an individual basis and as part of a development team. The positions require good communication skills, both oral and written. Specific Technical Skills Knowledge ActionScript 3 Flex Adobe Air Flashbuilder Basic Technical Skills Knowledge OO Programming and or MVC Framework (highly desirable) Software Design using UML (desirable) Test Driven Development (highly desirable) Version Control (desirable) Other Skills Knowledge of Interest JavaScript, HTML & CSS, PHP/.NET Python iOS Android Process User Experience Developer Location: Farnham, Surrey Salary up to ****

Job Title: IT Telesales
Location: Bradford
Job Description: TELESALES ACCOUNT MANAGER  BASIC ****  ****k OTE Year ****  Uncapped An exceptional opportunity for a great Telesales / Telemarketing Account Manager to excel in a B2B sales environment where you can control your own earnings with an uncapped commission structure. Established in 2003, this fast growing company provides a one stop shop for all the essential elements that every business needs. From PCs and Laptops through to Servers A significant and demonstrable track record in B2B sales (preferably including IT Sales, Telesales, Telemarketing and proactive Account Management) preferably within the IT Office Consumables Office Furniture arena Computer literate; Commercially aware; Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to build relationships and rapport with a wide variety of people; Excellent communication skills with the ability to question, listen and present effectively; Results driven and tenacious; Confident and enthusiastic. Code Blue Recruitment handle nearly **** LIVE VACANCIES, for all sectors and levels of the Recruitment industry across the whole of the UK . Positions include Junior and Trainee Consultants, Recruitment and Senior Recruitment Consultants, Team Leaders, Account Managers, Branch Managers, Sales Managers & Directors. Sectors covered include Professional Recruitment such as Finance, Accountancy & Banking, Legal & HR, Commercial markets such as Office Support, Industrial, Driving, Oil & Gas, Hospitality & Catering, the Public Sector including Medical, Care, Education, Technical markets such as I.T., Telecoms, Media, Construction, Engineering, Energy & Environment, and Pharmaceutical, as well as diverse areas such as Sales Recruitment, Search, and Supply Chain

Job Title: FIELD SALES ENGINEER SALES ACCOUNT MANAGER PLASTICS
Location: Burgess Hill
Job Description: Due to expansion there is now an opportunity for an External Sales Engineer / Field Sales Engineer to work for a successful plastics manufacturing company in Crawley, West Sussex. External Sales Engineer / Account Manager will be expected to make a worthy contribution to the business. Salary package for the Field Sales Engineer will be in the region of ****k  bonus  travel expenses  phone Candidates MUST come from a plastics background. You will be joining an engineering organisation as an account manager with an innovative approach to plastics design and development. They supply high quality products to a wide variety of industries including building and construction, shopfitting, office design, packaging, sports, medical and automotive. Overview of Account Manager s Duties and Responsibilities: Assessing opportunities for new business and researching competitors Arranging and attending business appointments across the UK, in particular across the south, west and some areas of the Midlands. Liasing with customers on their individual requirements Using industry knowledge to expand and develop the business Essential new account manager requirements: Formal engineering qualification Technical Sales experience Experience of selling complex components Driving license and use of your own car

Job Title: Sales Negotiator Birmingham
Location: Birmingham
Job Description: Are you a successful, results driven person? Are you looking to start a career in Estate Agency? Are you looking for a fast paced, dynamic working environment? Our client is a multi award winning, National Estate Agency chain with an outstanding reputation for customer service. With a network of over **** branches across the country, the company has risen to become one of the largest and most successful Estate Agency groups in the UK. As Sales Negotiator, you will work closely with your team to learn and develop whilst achieving shared goals. In addition to this; You will have the determination to succeed in the Estate Agent market. You will be capable of working effectively under pressure and in a target orientated environment. You will have the ability to successfully achieve set targets. You will be able to evaluate business at every opportunity. The company will offer a fantastic training programme all within a supportive, team working environment. Achievable progression thresholds are put in place with excellent earning potential. With a track record of successful sales abilities, preferably within an Estate Agency setting, suitable candidates will have: A drive and enthusiasm to work within the Estate Agency market The ability to qualify applicants to advise on their purchasing abilities Excellent communication skills A professional and friendly approach Refined numerate abilities and an attention to detail A driving licence own car Excellent computing skills You must be a self motivated, driven individual with the ability to be proactive with your own learning and development. You will have the ability to work successfully within a team whilst managing your own, individual work load. Organisational skills and a will to succeed are also a must

Job Title: Senior **** IT Recruitment Consulltant
Location: Lingfield
Job Description: Inspire is a leading IT services company specialising in providing flexible resources to the corporate, IT outsourcing, financial services and professional services markets. We operate across mainland Europe, and have a proven track record of delivering successful IT infrastructure services across the enterprise and desktop environment. We are the chosen partner for the provision of flexible resources for a number of outstanding companies including Capgemini, TSystems, EMC, Microsoft, Bank of America and JP Morgan which shows Team Inspire s pedigree. The Management of the Company come from an IT and Professional Services background, we are not hardnosed recruitment people, and don t run our company like a traditional agency. But, we are ambitious and are looking to deliver an absolute Olympic performance in ********2. Having brought resourcing inhouse in 2011 to service existing business, we now need to extend our recruitment / resourcing management team by two additional heads this year. We fully expect one of these roles to become a Director level overtime with the very real potential of significant shareoptions. What are we looking for? These roles are all about high performance delivery of results. You will be responsible and rewarded for your success in developing both our existing client relationships and the acquisition and development of new accounts. You will also be expected to manage and develop your database of IT consultants; selecting and placing the right resources against a variety of highend specialist roles. What can you expect? You will receive first class business development support in terms of management support, best in class IT systems, investment in advertising, job board support, and inhouse contracts admin, etc. In short, Team Inspire will support you ****%; we want you to be successful. We will pay you a first class salary package in return for your effort and results to include: Basic Salary  20 2****k p.a. 1 st Year OTE  **** ****k [Commission paid at 2****% of GP Target  200k] Open Ended OTE with Accelerators A Car Allowance of  5k p.a Health Club Membership Laptop and Blackberry / iPhone **** Inspire are based in Lingfield, Surrey in a funky rural office development, 5 minutes from East Grinstead [London within the hour, Gatwick in ****mins, M25 J**** in ****mins]. We work as a Team where we need to in order to get the job done; our clients and consultants are centered around London, Manchester, Sheffield, and Bristol and we are making headway into mainland Europe which is a growth target for 2012/****

Job Title: Chef de Partie Sutton Hall Macclesfield
Location: UK
Job Description: We're looking for an ambitious and committed chef with a passion for food who is ready to take the next step in his or her career. For us it's all about serving fresh, simple, high quality traditional dishes extremely well and all of our pubs are featured in the Good Pub Guide. This is a busy working environment, and as well as having high standards and demonstrating good attention to detail, you'll help the crew set the bar high in terms of delicious dishes, effective kitchen controls and excellent standards of health and hygiene. We see our CDP's and Senior CDP's as being on the first step of the ladder to a senior chef role and we'll provide support and development opportunities for you along the way.

Job Title: Senior Manufacturing Engineer
Location: Derbyshire
Job Description: Senior Manufacturing Engineer Our client is looking for a Senior Manufacturing Engineer to join their expanding team. As well as leading your own projects to successful delivery, you will be expected to provide Technical Governance to other projects to ensure that we continue to deliver to our high standards. You will develop relationships with existing and prospective clients, support bidding activities and develop work packages from customer requirements in order to grow our Manufacturing Engineering business. Additionally you will help lead the development of the Manufacturing Engineering capability in the Defence business, ensuring the technical development of our staff whilst carrying out strategic recruitment to meet future project requirements. Successful candidates will be required to undergo a security vetting process and offers of employment will be subject to security clearance being granted. Applicants for this position must have the right to work in the UK without restriction. Requirements The successful candidate will have a proven track record of pursuing new opportunities whilst ensuring the quality of ongoing delivery and be able to give in depth examples of applying a range of Manufacturing Engineering people and business management skills. Applicants will be expected to demonstrate delivery of multiple projects across all aspects of Manufacturing Engineering; Process Improvement, Capability Acquisition and New Product Introduction. Qualifications Degreequalified or equivalent in Manufacturing Engineering Chartered Engineer Essential Criteria Business management experience Excellent verbal and written communication skills Experienced in leading and developing more junior engineers Experience of developing and managing client relationships A proven track record of preparing successful proposals Project management  including identification and mitigation of project risk and Change Management Extensive understanding of application of six sigma Extensive and detailed knowledge of a range of manufacturing and measurement processes around metallic structures, applicability to new designs, benefits and limitations. Particular expertise will need to be demonstrated on Welding, Forging, Machining and NDE in safety critical systems Delivery of projects in a high integrity environment (Aerospace, Nuclear etc) Willing to travel within the UK and Overseas Desirable Criteria Experience of pressure vessel and pipe work manufacture and inspection Knowledge of ASME codes Ideally you will have a background in the defence industry but we will also consider experience in other heavily regulated industries Senior Manufacturing Engineer Location: Derby Salary: **** to **** Industry: Aerospace, Defence, Nuclear, Oil and Gas

Job Title: C C++ SOFTWARE ENGINEERS All levels
Location: Cambridge
Job Description: A great opportunity has arisen for skilled and knowledgeable Software Engineers to work for an established and fast growing Technology company based in Cambridge. This is a technical role which will also involve working on test equipment and products for PCs. Ideally, you will have the following: Skills in C, C++ and .NET using Visual studio A Degree in an Engineering discipline or equivalent Experience in the following would be an advantage: o Developing software for data capture and display o User interface development o Device driver development o Real time applications design experience If you are looking to work for a stable company and is looking for a bigger challenge, send your CV now
